Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well.
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little.
The hard part isn’t making the decision. It’s living with it.
Your happy passer-by all knows, my distressed there is no place hides.
You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.
Love is not a maybe thing. You know when you love someone.
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.
When the whole world is about to rain, let’s make it clear in our heart together.
It’s better to be alone than to be with someone you’re not happy to be with.
Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.
Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you.
I lied when I said I didn’t like you. I lied when I said I didn’t care. I lie every time I try to tell myself I will never fall for you.
One needs 3 things to be truly happy living in the world: some thing to do, some one to love, some thing to hope for.
No matter how bad your heart has been broken, the world doesn’t stop for your grief. The sun comes right back up the next day.
Accept what was and what is, and you’ll have more positive energy to pursue what will be.
Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have.
If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.
I’ll think of you every step of the way.
Acting as if nothing borne in mind is the best revenge.It's all for myself to live better.
Every day may not be good…but there's something good in every day.
Happiness is about having each tiny wish come ture.
Happiness is to find someone who can give you warm and share your life together.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
Emotion is the innate weakness of human.
Don't argue with me, every word comes out of your mouth would be the solid evidence of hurting me.
Dream is like underwear.Although you have it,youcan not show it to everyone you meet.
A woman who truly loves you will be angry at you for many things, but will stick around.
He doesn't even know I exist.
Don't waste your time on a man,who isn't willing to waste their time on you.
Create good memories today, so that you can have a good past。
A successful relationship requires fall in love many times, always with the the same person.
Being single doesn't mean that you don't know anything about love.
Before I met you I never knew what it was like; to look at someone and smile for no reason。
I am on my way to future,where you are there.
Buried city, to shut all lights.
actions speak louder than words.
Active long will be very tired, care about for a long time will crash!
Coffee is lonely without cups just as I am lonely without you.
Distance could make you forget about them, but the memories would always be there.
Everbody will make mistakes,that's why they put erasers on the end of pencils.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
If you really love me, then why do I see is to breed.
Dream most deep place, only then the smile is not tired.
I never wanted to be your whole life. Just your favorite part.
However long the night, the dawn will break.
I don't know where I am going,but I am on my way.
Can't sleep at night. Can't get up in the morning.
Every thing is gonna be alright.
Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost things in memory.
Age wrinkles the body.Quitting wrinkles the soul.
Every story has an ending.but in life, every end is a new beginning.
I don't give a shit on your care the least about me.
Everybody dies, but not everybody lives.
Every hour of lost time is a chance of future misfortune.
All endings are beginnings, we just don't know it at the time.-Mitch Albom.
If the relationship doesn't make you a better person, then you are with the wrong one.
Don't realize too much which will let you down.
Do business,but be not a slave to it.
It is not work that kills,but worry.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
Idle people（folks）have the most labour（take the most pains）.
Time flies.
Tomorrow comes never.
Industry is fortunes right hand,and frugality her left.
They who cannot do as they would,must do as they can.
Wisdom is better than gold or silver.
Diligence is the mohter of success.
Business may be troublesome,but idleness is pernicious.
The secret of wealth lieth in the letters SAVE.
Better late than never.
Wit once bought is worth twice taught.
Knowledge is power.
Never think yourself above business.
He that thinks his business below him will always be above his business.
Whatever is worth doing at all is worth doing well.
Experience is the father of wisdom and memory the mother.
Make hay while the sun shines.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
An idle youth,a needy age.
When an opportunity is neglected,it never comes back to you.
Business is business.
What may be done at any time will be done at no time.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
It is lost labour to sow where there is no soil.
An idle brain is the devils workshop.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
Doubt is the key of knowledge.
In for a penny,in for a pound.
Learn wisdom by the follies of others.
Every tide hath ist ebb.
Put your shoulder to the wheel.
Action is the proper fruit of knowledge.
If you want knowledge,you must toil for it.
No one can call back yesterday;Yesterday will not be called again.
A handful of common sense is worth a bushel of learning.
If you would have a thing well done,do it yourself.
Wisdom is more to be envied than riches.
Care and diligence bring luck.
He that doth most at once doth least.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Many hands make light work.
Work today,for you know not how much you may be hindered tomrrow.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Many hands make quick work.
Time is money.
Time tries all.
In love folly is always sweet.
I miss you.
No root,no fruit.
I love you.
